everybody welcome exeter in the lamp is
Abunimah have to go through the plus
this is the kind of daily you got to
worry about it is Lazarus to Mom's foot
and the scores on the front page you go
from 36 thousand to 58,000 so there is a
seam Lord knows that I have no idea
where it is and it seems like there's
multiple of them but that's okay as well
yesterday forty-nine thousand 186 points
with a rank of 189 two point one seven
percentile a good score and we've been
really consistent like over the past
days of 29 over the past six days 1.5
1.5 1.5 12.5 too likely these are good
ranks and I'm feeling like I've got my
mojo back but still we're waiting on
that daily that really I just punched my
hand that just says it all right there
I'm way now that daily it takes us to
the next level I mean obviously we're
Lazarus you can see our stats here minus
one luck it's good to die early as
Lazarus Lazarus is one of those
characters who actually sort of like I
think more than the average person but I
really have no idea why like Lazarus
consistently if you look at like Isaac
oh what a terrible bit of damage right
there if you look at like Isaac
subreddit posts that are like who's your
least favorite character Lazarus shows
up people are like you know I was going
to say Lazarus but the only reason I
didn't is because I forgot that he's
even in the game for some reason I guess
I like the the early game puzzle of you
know when is it appropriate to actually
productively die great start by the way
really good start here taking a little
bit too much damage but that's alright
it's kind of secondary the most
important thing on this run as you can
see or as you can tell from the scores
is that we really really need to find
the seam that allows us to proceed and I
mean 36,000 is usually like getting the
Sheol 50,000 is like maybe you somehow
played I mean 56,000 is like a late
self-sacrifice room and so that's a
really really good score made that much
better by remembering that this was only
supposed to go to Mom's foot to begin
like that would be a good score on a
mega Satan run to be a great score on a
mega Satan run so to get 56,000 on a run
like this is kind of absurd that's
garbage but we'll take it and we should
try to maybe create an arcade by
shooting some poop our pill was retro
vision I wanted to use it because there
is like another pill of this type just
surrounded by some spikes but I don't
really want to risk walking on spikes to
pick up a retro vision pill because the
pill is a joke that doesn't do anything
so if you'll excuse me I think I'm just
going to completely ignore that we
should leave like you know maybe the
spikes being there though isn't a bad
thing because we can use those to
productively in our own lives here and
then pick up the the Lazarus bonus which
is luck in like a 25% increase the
damage multiplier I think something
along those lines so many opportunities
by the way for uh for tinted rocks all
we need is a bomb it's like 10,000
spoons when all we need is a freaking
nice buddy why the Alanis Morisette kick
lately I don't know it just it's come up
a lot I haven't listened to Jagged
Little Pill in a long time but I you
know first cool god that piercing shot
almost put me in bad place there world
of hurt jagged little pill great album
though a forgotten because it's kind of
a time capsule but you ought to know is
like genuinely not a mean song it's like
an actual great rock song and if you
disagree you know I'm tempted to say
you're rock and roll snob
I mean okay I mean where do we have any
red hearts sitting here we don't we
really really need to kick this into
gear as well timewise so I'm going to
try to just see what this is maybe we
shouldn't take
it's not necessarily a good decision but
it's what I'm gonna do kill me
give me the Flies give me old bandage
give me the pee beat boys isn't free my
soul I want to get lost in the rock and
roll and drift away okay not a good rock
song oh so you like Alanis Morissette
but you don't like Uncle Kracker
you say that with a straight face mr.
Strom man
bring me a dream mr. Strummer and bring
me a scheme whoa be careful here okay
good work everyone I swear to God every
day
no is that quiet as a frickin Mouse on
skype until I start recording Isaac and
they go okay time to talk Maz has just
sent us a message it says all rainy
Boston weather how I missed you the dude
was in Atlanta for two days what are you
tired they've missed the rain in Boston
try living in the PN dub buddy rains all
the time with you like twenty-two days
of rain every month in the winter you
know we say when we get away from the
rain thank God you don't even know you
don't know what it's like man you ought
to know what it's okay now we'll pop
enough okay popping automotive ease
let's go let's go that's not no that's a
secret room I'm sorry to inform you this
is a secret room we're in an amazing
spot now but there is a lot of inherent
risk that that shows up as a result of
this so we got to be very very careful
and we do need to speed up as well but
we don't need to speed up quite yet so
that was our secret room
unfortunately because it would be nice
to be able to go to the curse room
without ruining our deals to deal with
the devil chance but now dr. Peters
doesn't really give us a bead I need to
pick that up on a on a scene
on an Adele two-seam but it should allow
us to get some extra bonuses like second
secret rooms secret rooms as long as
we're semi diligent about like looking
for those where they appear where they
could appear we should be in a decent
spot similarly like I kind of want to go
to our shop here and then I figured yeah
you can blow up this guy maybe he gives
you a nickel and then we can we're not
going to be able to get diplopia so I
think we buy a spirit heart and then see
what this card is and it's two of
diamonds which might seem like I'd be
bummed out but actually I'm unbelievably
happy about that that's extremely good
and then this isn't a secret room I
don't I don't believe it I know we got
to go faster but with dr. fetus we gotta
try to find a second secret room that
was a really perfectly placed bomb I
take no credit for it but I guess if I
have to there's our second secret room
it is locust of pestilence which should
do some extra damage and I miss the
tinted rock on this floor I don't think
so so first things first I'll eat your
brains then I'll start rocking gold
teeth and fangs so this is the eating of
the brains portion of the of the rap
game right here almost botched it a
little bit we'll definitely take PJ's to
start with some extra spirit arts here
oh okay so that's how it's going to be
huh we definitely one go did it we
definitely want Avedon
this is a situation that doesn't happen
very often but you know it might
actually be fine believe that again the
angel statues give you like if not a
damage multiplier they give you like not
a damage multiplier sorry like a points
multiplier for doing them plus whatever
consumables we get for doing this but if
I had given myself the choice I probably
would have preferred to have not done
this right off the bat but that's life
we didn't slow ourselves down too much
grab this get the bombs grab this now
for our final trick we got to go back to
this cursor
I know you're saying it's taking forever
and it did but we got a lot of extreme
value on this floor so I'm not sweating
it too much good bomb teleported to the
deal with the devil and let's go so now
we got non-stop deals with the devil
we got an angel statue already killed
for reasons that are still a little
strange to me and in two of diamonds
which we want to make work with like
blank card if we can get blank card to a
diamonds I'm loving life and we
shouldn't spend too much time exploring
really because we are again behind
schedule and no one knows what it's like
to freaking be the bad man or the sad
man behind schedule so we got to be a
little bit more diligent about getting
our job done here we will take pills
we have no HP so pills seem like a
sensible option I just want to see if
maybe secret room no secret room so we
might as well go to our curse room right
away
minimize backtracking and me and that's
fine even with unknown or curse of the
unknown I feel good about our HP and I
think I should not a secret room
I don't know I I don't know what we've
done they could really be a big coup for
us early on in this run but it might be
two of diamonds
you know it's conceivable that two of
diamonds is that is a fairly big
improvement for us admittedly perthro is
really good as well to use temporarily
but if we're really really grinding to
try to get that to get the boss rush
which we of course want to then I think
we're going to just not take it but
we'll rethink things if we get the the
chance and we have the time to go back
like you might think I'm overly paranoid
that's a secret room dude that's a
secret room dude you might think I'm
paranoid about a boss rush but it really
is like all important on these as we've
established no infinity times in the
past so I'm not going to feel the need
the apologize for making it the boss
right if you're still watching the
dailies at this point which is a big if
but if you're still watching the daily
to this point you know what the dailies
are all about it's about a daily
meditation it's the crossword puzzle
you've got a series of steps you execute
in a particular order to achieve an
objective Hulu sounds so exciting tell
me more this is my favorite you know
form of entertainment
now what I I hope there's people out
there who enjoy these runs for the same
reason that I enjoy them because of the
fact that I don't want to say that
they're predictable because I like to be
the sane man as well but it's an outlet
for for predictability and an otherwise
chaotic universe here so that's our
second secret room and it's given us a
an addicted pill and a relax pill
neither of which are really meaningful
and then we'll blow this rule blow this
guy up and we got our secret room and
the secret room is probably going to
give us money it did not
so we're behind schedule again which
means I'm not going to go back for
perthro health up is actually good
remember we're going to get a deal with
the devil so starter deck by the way is
a tempting pickup but it does sort of it
spits in our face right now when we're
trying to go more quickly here we missed
it's a narrow room we miss every single
enemy with one bomb not bitter not not
bitter Book of Shadows is good and Book
of Shadows also means we don't go back
for per throw which means I think we're
content to rock to a diamonds here we
can't go this slow forever
it's compost for our secret room so
let's get a move on here pop this and
then basically the stain is done because
he's always going to pop up pop up like
right next to us so as long as we got
Book of Shadows active which lasted like
about a third as long as I thought it
actually did we're completely fine here
he's popping he's just going around
popping there we go he's done
take the tears upgrade useful for raw
damage output
oh you're go for broke here so you take
this and then you take this we could
have done that in the opposite way and
been fine but I want to keep one red
heart because the red heart allows us to
trade easily for deals with the devil in
the future however considering we traded
three spirit hours for the red heart my
normal like valuation kind of falls flat
there but you might say hey can you
explain yourself there I mean I what the
reason I prefer to have one red heart is
because it allows me to take a deal with
the devil for one red heart and set of
three spear in arson I think that three
spirit hearts are usually worth more
however the problem with this logic is
that I spent three spirit hearts to get
one red heart back but it did come with
nine lives as well so maybe it's not
basically I preordered
how did I not take damage there does
anemic make us immune to creep I would
have known that by now for all the
damage I take against dumb sources I
would have known that by now
don't waste your keys keys are still
valuable even now you know that's one
shop one item room right there think
just I don't think I would have been hit
there but if you know you got a chance
to get hit when I use when I use your
book of shadows it's what is there for
Lazarus rag a little weird okay so I
mean it's you know there's something to
that right like the fishtail doubles the
amount of flies we summon when we summon
flies so friends will the end would have
summoned a ton there but we have
infestation as well so I'm thinking that
there might be like a weird fly synergy
somewhere on this run that that works
really well but obviously that's not the
route we've chosen to go and that's fine
it could have been cool let's see what's
in here
I mean if you're going to buy one you
should buy diplopia because then you get
everything out of this for the same
price and then we'll take to Book of
Shadows and maybe not the best use of
not the best use of two of diamonds but
like a decent use of two a diamonds now
we have black candle along with us as
well again kind of a lame use of the
fallopian but lame but sensible you know
like putting your money in bonds I don't
know I don't know anything about
investing I should stop I'm not giving
out advice I'm giving out like pseudo
it's comedy advice you should not take
it as a real financial advice but as
possible to people you know you never
know you've got to be even when you got
a platform as small as mine you got to
be responsible people might take you a
little too seriously I heard that you
should only buy bonds in this day and
age who told you that good an idiot on
the Internet
see we both be idiots in that situation
so we had to run we had to make it
through that floor quickly we still do
not have a scene that's a bad time for
us because we've only got two floors and
beyond Thanks beyond only having two
floors no yeah the apps deserve it very
much deserve it
beyond only having two floors we got two
floors in which we got to go real
freaking fast
as you got to check probably shouldn't
have taken that long but you got to
check so we want to be out of this floor
relatively soon we have piercing bombs I
picked it up mostly for the damage
upgrade but it might actually be
terrible hey something else hit this we
should probably at this point blow up
every single skull we ever see just so
that if there's an a washer and we can
make it happen
short of an eihwaz room you know what
our other seems the shovel the shovel is
a big one and the shovel should be like
if it exists we will find it because we
have the goat head I live fond and right
into myself use the frickin Book of
Shadows you dummy so I always mind flood
myself on these on these runs in which
you need a seam now the D one creates
extra versions of consumables which is
actually essential I might not seem that
great right now but what this means is
that if we get a forgettin eihwaz room
we can double it floor to floor or at
least like create an extra one every
floor I probably more likely create like
an extra two or three every floor keep
ourselves going strong there's a great
accident my favorite mistake Sheryl Crow
you're alive
Yes Mother too bad you will die that
quote I inverted that quote for Mortal
Kombat annihilation dude
dude get dusted you're resisting the
dusting to an absurd degree I know I'm
leaving money on the table back here so
to speak but
like I'm done losing my life here as me
in the corner
losing my frickin religion like Michael
Skype oh and yet in spite of all this in
Skype of all this I still believe in our
chances no rune justice bloodbag
magician not that useful pill bad gas
that's fine let's go let's go home power
power pill okay good great job teamwork
obviously like we want to go to the shop
but it's just not that conducive right
now to having success
the big problem by the way is actually
that I picked up death touch we never
should have picked it up don't give me
Krampus I don't want to fight Krampus
that's not grandmas I like I like it and
we'll go pretty deep on this one I want
rotten baby for the guaranteed damage
and contract from Bulow's non-compulsory
on dailies or sorry is compulsory on
dailies you've got to pick it up let's
go
didn't go to our shop oh let's go didn't
go to our shop but we didn't have a
chance to go to our shop all right we're
about where we'd expect to be on points
this guy he doesn't take damage he's
immune to damage sorry to inform you
that he is a god
the Sun the incredibly useful item crack
into this
where we going boys we got a book you
know what important for bookworm
otherwise irrelevant I do not see a
self-sacrifice room so we know that we
want to go into the boss fight so we
have to go to the boss fight first there
is a chance admittedly that it's like
mr. mega or something in the in the shop
but we have to we have to play like
sensibly and the most sensible play here
is what we're doing right now getting to
the boss room that's the secret room I
refuse to believe anything else now I
think like the mom fight is going to be
hell on earth dr. fetus without the
ability to really like place a shot is
going to be super annoying we have to
live through boss rush as well
see what I mean like we got good damage
rotten baby should do a number on them
every shot we managed to hit is actually
extremely valuable and it's never mind
what I said earlier this turned out to
be a very easy boss fight' and then we
definitely want to polaroid and then
it's not Krampus one spirit heart for
the pact is pretty good it also gave us
Leviathan I mean come in here what do we
do I mean you could see for yourself
into some amazing stuff maybe probably
you know what if we're possibly going to
die we should just go to the d4 man we
got conjoined to begin with and we've
already like I don't know maybe we hit
the jackpot early because this run seems
quite good but I think that we just
didn't find any theme and this if this
ends up being what this dailies about
like okay we got to re-roll this because
it's the damage choosing quite as good
as I thought it would be despite the
ridiculous output but you see my
conundrum here is so you can't hit me
with explosions that's right my
conundrum here is
we could have gone faster and maybe had
a greater chance now this seems like the
dream come true we could have gone
faster maybe have more time to look for
a scene but I hate when a daily forces
you to do that I mean this run is like
good it's not quite ridiculous like the
damage is great but the rate of fire is
bad enough that it doesn't super
compensate for it so I think we should
wait till we kill the enemies because
it's easy enough to kill them like this
and then as they're dying but before you
get your next charge reroll like that
this seems terrible but it's sort of not
but we're probably going to go for the
extra reroll again regardless yeah this
is not that bad that being said okay
there's fun now this we're starting to
speak my language and give me a bite of
a Vegemite sandwich here because we've
got like infinite range good damage I
think this is dead I I have a feeling
that this is going to be the end of
today's day leave which is you know as
always a mega bummer not being able to
find a seam but I actually think that
like a lot of people are going to be in
the same camp based on the fact that you
know the top scorers have a 20,000 point
gulf between number one and number
thirty generally I think that I mean I
guess we keep free rolling but maybe
we'll get the shovel for finishing this
or something
you know generally the greater the
spread on the front page the the tougher
it is to find like that line that really
carries you let's go for the rear oh
this fungi I don't know what I'm looking
for on the rear oh by the way certainly
take you more damages and really helping
us here but if I'm really just trying to
protect like you know one like not so
amazing leaderboard position then who
cares
mom transformation lusty blood
he's homing or charm tears their charm
tears charm T is that I wish you saw I
wish that I could find the seam on this
round on this Ron this is the first run
with like no transformations we've had
in a long time so this is where you like
stop re rolling if you actually care
about your performance today
I guess although our damage is one point
five six which is garbage but that means
we can do this which I have not been
doing I don't know we're going to be at
like 20,000 a day that's not a good
score we got broken mirror I don't know
where you were like rear Olin to try to
get a passive item that gives us a seam
which doesn't even make any sense I
guess that's it what a bomber dude
there's nothing we could have done the
best of my knowledge there or 500 and
forth but you know I have no idea where
you find the seam there probably
somewhere else on this floor that we
didn't think we had time to get to an n
yell mama mega and the boss are in the
shop or something like that kind of a
whiff on this daily so I apologize but
at the same time you know I'm doing this
masturbatory motion with my hand right
now like just give me one that doesn't
require this level of puzzle solving on
the sixth freaking floor we don't have
tools yet either way thanks for watching
hope you enjoyed the episode if you did
click the like button hope you get
better than I did today of course
subscribe if you wanna see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time